hey guys its water time that's all my
water I've been checking water all day
because I don't know why for some reason
today today has been the worst the
sickness has been since it began which
is blowing my mind because the last
three days like Saturday through Monday
I felt fine but Sam thinks because I
never really took a day to like rest
today has turned out to be awful I feel
so sick I feel way worse today and I
felt any of the other days and I don't
know why that is but after my blood boil
match because we had co-option podcast
which I was dead for Jericho optional
podcast and then played my blood bowl
game with crendor and then just went to
bed and just slept and then woke up to a
text that said hey we're gonna cancel
monopod cuz everybody's sick and I was
like cool I'm gonna go back to bed but I
figured I'd get up and I make a video
for you guys even though it's me being
like look how pitiful I am for the swarm
see ya it's okay um I have a lot of work
to do the rest of the week though which
is kind of stressing me out since I feel
so bad today I'm like am I going to be
able to do all of my work for the rest
of the week I hope so oh I can't think
about that though I needed it just relax
I need to just rest relax drink lots of
water get lots of lots of sleep watch a
movie about a Zodiac killer I've never
seen the movie zodiac so I was like I'll
watch this well I'm trying to go to
sleep well first um first I was walking
walking first I was watching a
documentary about drag kings who's
ladies who dress up as men and then and
then I turned it on to zodiac I did
sleep I did sleep through like a half of
the drag kings movie because it was a
little slow I was like all right I also
took some quote
much helped help did the whole sleeping
thing but i think i think i'm just going
to order some food i looked in the
fridge and I was like oh I've been
really good about eating all of the
leftovers of everything I've been making
Sam take some for for lunches and stuff
too so it's like welp um didn't leave
myself anything to eat because I didn't
think I would get sick I assumed I would
be cooking man I do not feel like
cooking right now I there were pickles
in there eating pickles so so there's
that but um yeah I'm just gonna monopod
was cancelled i'm just going to spend
rest of the evening relaxing and
cuddling my cat and eating pickles I
don't know I really want Chinese food it
is like carving up good it's carving up
good when you're sick just be like I
want an entire thing of chicken fried
rice can I do that and not feel guilty
is that ok I'm probably gonna do it
anyway because it sounds really good I
never lose my appetite when I'm sick
thank God but that also means that
acquiring food is difficult but whatever
anywho I'm gonna go I hope you guys have
had a fantastic day and I will talk to
you again tomorrow